\# vim: ft=groff
.TH WALLMGR 1 "28 August 2017"
.SH NAME
\#======
wallmgr /- Extendable rule-based Management/Display of Wallpaper Collections.

.SH SYNOPSIS
\#==========

\fBwallmgr  \fI[-h | --help] [-v|verbose] [-vv|--very-verbose]\fR

.in +3
next, prev, pull, push, shuffle

archive\fI
[-a|--append] [-an|--archive-name] [--pull] [--push]\fR

data\fI
[--recreate-datafile] [-s|--shuffle-order]\fR

display\fI
[-an|--archive-name] [-d|--daemonize] [-i|--index N] [-n|--next] [-p|--previous] [-o|--offset]\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
\#=============

A rule-based configurable, extendable tool to display/manage wallpapers. Wallpaper
collections are stored in \fItar-archives\fR, and synchronized between computers
using \fIgit\fR. It is managed using the configfile 
\fI~/.config/wallpapermgr/config.yml\fR, which determines the archive of wallpapers,
and the apply-method to use. The system was designed to share one config
across multiple workstations/operating-systems.


.SH FILES
\#=======

.TP
\fB~/.config/wallpapermgr/config.yml\fR
pairs conditions with a wallpaper-archive, git-repo, and display-method.

.TP
\fB~/.config/wallpapermgr/data.json\fR
stores archive-locations, display-order, and last-displayed wallpaper
for each wallpaper-archive.

.SH EXAMPLES
\#==========

.TP
\fBwallmgr next 
\fRdisplay next wallpaper
.TP
\fBwallmgr display -an "widescreen"
\fRignore conditions, and display wallpapers from archive
named 'widescreen' in \fI~/.config/wallpapermgr/config.yml\fR
.TP
\fBwallmgr display --daemonize 
\fRrun in background periodically changing wallpaper
.TP
\fBwallmgr data --shuffle-order
\fRshuffle the order of wallpapers in the datafile.

.SH CONFIGURATION
\#===============

.SS ~/.config/wallpapermgr/config.yml

.vS
``` 

general:
  conditions_path: null

archives:
  collection-name:
     apply_method: feh
     archive:      ~/progs/misc/wallpapers/normal_walls.tar
     gitroot:      ~/progs/misc/wallpapers
     gitsource:    ssh://gitbox:/home/gitrepos/misc/wallpapers
     desc:         "wallpapers with an aspect ratio of 16:9"
     conditions:
       is_default: True

```
.vE

.TP
general
configuration for all wallpaper-collections.
.TP



.SH SEE ALSO
\#==========

.SH AUTHOR
\#========
Will Pittman \- willjpittman@gmail.com


